Paper: Generally minor edits (#2614)
projectmesa/mesa: paper/paper.md

        model.step()
```

> Before Mesa 3, all agents were activated within the step method of the model. However, the newly added `AgentSet` class provides a more flexible way to activate agents. These changes include the depreciation of the Scheduler API and replacing previously available fixed patterns.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before Mesa 3, all agents were activated within the step method of the model. However, the newly added `AgentSet` class provides a more flexible way to activate agents. These changes include the removal of the Scheduler API and its previously available fixed patterns.
```
